Why don't you confess your love
to him here at camp?
I'm sure it'll go well.
Be courageous and take that first step.
I'll tell Ida I like him.
I really have fallen in love with you!
Why don't we try being a couple?
Since you were serious
in the way you told me,
I wanted to acknowledge it.
Seriously?
You did it, Aoki!
Aida! Quit shouting!
Sorry about that.
So it worked out, right?
Yeah.
However,
only if my memory of it is right.
Huh?
Could it be…
that school camp was all a dream?
Why are you so darn insecure?
I never thought he'd say "yes"!
-I wasn't ready for it.
-You're such a pain.
You're the one who said you like him!
I know that, but…
You just don't understand
my complicated feelings about this.
I mean, my ideal youth was
to have a cute girl tell me she likes me…
and go on dates.
This sure is fun, Hashimoto!
That's how it was supposed to be.
This is so much fun, Aoki!
This is fun, Aoki!
But now it turns out to be me and Ida?
Your idea of a date is totally bizarre.
But he likes you, so why does it matter?
I wonder
if he's actually serious about it.
So that's what you're worried about.
Quit letting it eat away at you.
Let's go ask Ida directly!
What?
-Let's go!
-Where?
-The gym.
-Now?
-Yeah.
-What?
Ida…
Okay, it's time to go
and find out if he's serious!
Aoki?
Gather round!
Yes, sir!
-Darn you! Why did you do that?
-What's wrong?
Before our practice match
with Shiroyama High tomorrow,
there's something I want to tell everyone.
They've got a match tomorrow?
You should go cheer them on.
Why would I do that?
Why can't you be honest
about your feelings?
But there's one more person
who can really cause us trouble!
That's right! It's their super-pretty
team assistant, Kokomi Matsuuchi!
That's just stupid.
That has nothing to do with volleyball.
You won't believe this,
but Kokomi Matsuuchi
has a crush on someone
from the Higashigaoka High School
volleyball team!
You all know Toyoda's girlfriend
goes to Shiroyama High.
She heard directly from Kokomi.
At tomorrow's practice match,
she'll give a present to whoever it is!
Is that right, Toyoda?
Yeah.
Who could it be?
The only one who's ever had
a girlfriend among us is Toyoda.
Which of one of us
could Kokomi possibly like?
The only one it could possibly be is…
That would have to be Kosuke.
Huh?
That's bad news, Aoki.
You've already got a rival in love.
It doesn't bother me in the least.
But your legs are trembling.
EPISODE 6
So what are you going to do?
What am I going to do about what?
If you're not careful,
that beautiful team assistant
might snatch Ida from you.
I'm not worried about him.
He's not the playboy type.
He'd never cheat on me.
"Cheat"? But you said you're not sure
he's even serious about you.
Yeah, but…
Have you asked Ida how he truly feels?
Huh?
Have you asked him if he likes you?
Of course not.
How could I ask that?
If you're going to be a couple,
shouldn't you make sure?
Impossible!
I couldn't ask him that to his face!
-Then ask him in a text.
-Huh?
Ask him casually in a text.
What should I type?
How should I know?
This is between you and Ida.
-You're right.
-Yep.
You can do it.
I'm in no position
to be helping you though.
-Hasshi! We'll go on ahead!
-I'll be there in a sec!
Say, Aoki…
"Do you like me?"
No, that's way too direct.
I'll use emojis to disguise it.
He always asks me for advice
but doesn't care about my problems.
ARE WE A COUPLE?
No way.
That's so lame!
Forget it. I'm not sending this.
Sota!
Get in the bath!
Heating it up again is a waste of energy!
Fine! I'm coming!
Darn her…
What?
No way! Oh, crap!
He read that fast!
But I'm not ready yet to know his answer!
He reads it then ignores it?
Maybe it really was all a dream.
Let's talk about it at school sometime.
"Sometime"? When is "sometime"?
Is he putting off answering me
because he intends to move on
to that beautiful team assistant?
Stay calm.
Ida isn't fickle like that.
Sota!
Have you seen my opera glasses?
Watch carefully.
-Yes, sir.
She's folding things so carefully.
I wish our assistant was like that.
-She's beautiful.
-She's the best.
She's the diligent, hard-working type!
She's so dedicated, she doesn't
cut corners even when nobody's looking.
She's got the true beauty of someone
who makes sacrifices for others.
Kokomi Matsuuchi, a formidable opponent!
This is bad!
She'll steal the heart
of that dense Ida in no time!
Here it comes! The present!
Oh, no! She's going over!
Mr. Taniguchi, hello.
-We're looking forward to the match.
-We are too. Thanks.
This is our starting lineup.
Why, thank you.
And here is ours. Here you go.
Mr. Taniguchi…
Um…
Uh…
-Gather round!
-Yes, sir!
-I'll be going now.
-Okay.
Mr. Taniguchi,
what did you two just talk about?
It looked like she had a present.
Oh, that.
There was someone
she wanted me to give a present to.
I told her to give it to them herself.
I knew it. It's Ida.
No doubt about it, she's after Ida.
That was close! He almost spotted me!
Aoki?
He's spotted me.
Huh? Well, if it isn't Ida.
What are you doing here?
I've got a practice match.
What about you, Aoki?
Did you come to watch?
What? No way!
I forgot something!
I ain't got no interest in your match!
Well…
I was wondering a little bit
about your text to me last night.
Oh, that. I thought it would be quicker
if we talked about it at school.
That's what you thought?
Then what's the point of texting?
You could at least text me the gist of it.
-I'm not good at using mobile phones.
-Are you an old man?
I also realized something
when I saw your text.
Huh? Realized what?
That I didn't tell you properly.
"Properly"?
Could it be… he wants out?
I'm looking forward to it.
We're a couple, right?
Huh?
Oh, right.
I look forward to it too.
Good. I've got a match to play in.
What? That's all?
It seems like nothing's changed.
Good point.
Say…
Ida, do you…
li…
-like me?
-I don't know.
What?
I've never fallen in love before.
Without anything to compare it to,
I can't really say.
Then isn't it crazy to say we're a couple?
Oh! Kosuke!
"Kosuke"?
Oh, Matsuuchi.
Huh? You know her?
Yeah.
Toyoda's girlfriend introduced us once.
You're not on the volleyball team.
Is he a friend?
Yeah…
I'm Aoki, his "classmate."
-Are you angry?
-Not at all.
-So what can I do for you?
-Oh, right.
Actually, I was wondering
if you heard what I said
to Mr. Taniguchi earlier.
No.
He's pretty dense
and doesn't care about that stuff.
He can't use a mobile phone
and hardly ever texts back.
Apparently, I'm an "old man."
That's what I like about you, Kosuke.
You're calm and mature.
Mature, like an old man.
I like guys who are like old men.
-What?
-I want to seem more mature,
so I wear makeup
and dye my hair and stuff,
but it's just no good.
Isn't dying your hair
against school rules?
You're so serious.
-You're a by-the-book type, aren't you?
-Huh?
-That kind of thing is so cool.
-What?
Here. Please have this.
What is it?
A shoe bag.
I worked really hard to make it,
but don't use it if you don't need it.
Bye. Best of luck in the match.
Matsuuchi, wait!
Kosuke, it's about to start.
Is that you, Aoki? What's up?
Oh, I heard that pretty team assistant
was coming, so I wanted to see her.
But Ida got to her first.
You're a lucky guy, Ida. Good luck!
Thank you.
We didn't stand a chance.
What's wrong, Kosuke?
Oh, it's nothing.
Oh, there you are.
Matsuuchi…
Are you looking for someone?
Huh?
You look a little depressed.
Is something troubling you?
Kind of…
Say…
Do you…
like me?
Without anything to compare it to,
I can't really say.
Then isn't it crazy to say we're a couple?
Kosuke!
Oh…
-You're not even listening, are you?
-Sorry. What did you say?
You see,
I think you're pretty nice, Kosuke.
So…
would you go out with me?
Why?
Well…
because I like you.
Huh? Why?
Weren't you listening?
But you like someone else.
-Huh?
-Sorry.
Actually, I did hear you earlier.
This is a shoe bag.
Please have it, Mr. Taniguchi.
Thank you. But I really can't
accept this kind of thing.
This is important to you, isn't it?
You can have it back.
Why didn't you say so before?
Aoki was there.
I'm sure you didn't want him to hear.
You sure are kind.
You're similar
to Mr. Taniguchi in that way too.
When I came here for my first match…
Are you okay?
I got hit by a ball.
I'm okay.
Mr. Taniguchi was so worried,
he stayed with me the whole time.
Since then,
I often come to him for advice.
I confessed my love to him several times,
but he treats me
like a child and brushes me off.
I made up my mind to give up
if he turned me down today.
Then I decided to ask you out
since you're similar to Mr. Taniguchi.
I'm really sorry
for making stuff up and talking like that.
I feel so stupid for having
such a big crush on him.
-It drives me crazy.
-It's not stupid.
It's impressive you can
care about someone so much.
You think so?
Yeah. It's awesome.
I guess it is.
Oh, there you are.
Mr. Taniguchi…
The guys from Shiroyama High
have been looking for you.
It's time to go.
-Thanks.
-Okay.
You think we're similar?
Yes, you are.
Let's both keep trying, okay?
Huh? What do you mean?
You like someone too, right, Kosuke?
Huh?
Your head was in the clouds
when I was talking, so I could tell.
You can't help looking at them
and you think, "I wonder
what they're up to now." Right?
Is that what love is?
It sure is!
Oh… I see.
Feel free to ask
for advice anytime. See you.
Bye.
I could see you, you know.
You're still mad?
I'm not mad.
In fact, I'm sorry
for my lousy attitude earlier.
I wish you and Kokomi the best.
There's nothing like that between us.
Besides, Matsuuchi likes someone else.
What? She does?
Yeah. You saw me
give her back the shoe bag, right?
But what about you?
Huh?
Didn't it make you think
you'd rather have a cute girl
than someone like me?
You said you needed
something to compare it to.
Yeah, I do have a better idea now.
I realized love doesn't have anything
to do with making comparisons.
What's that supposed to mean?
I've got a better idea
of what love is.
I wonder…
Could it be that I like you too?
What? Don't ask me!
It's that candid side of you
that I like, Aoki.
Cut that out! I can't take compliments!
It may have been too soon
to say that we're a couple,
but I do hope that…
someday we will be.
I'm glad I got to hear
how you really feel.
I also hope that someday
I'll be deserving enough…
for you to ask me out for real.
Good.
You look stylish in your street clothes.
-You think so?
-Yeah.
Thank you.
Class prez, good morning!
Take good care of us again today!
Vice prez, good morning!
Your hair's looking nice again today.
What happened with Aoki?
Why does it matter?
As long as he's having fun.
A text from Ida
first thing in the morning?
MIO HASHIMOTO
Aida rejected me.
What?
Where are you now?
The school rooftop.
THIS DRAMA IS A WORK OF FICTION.
Subtitle translation by: Brian Athey